>> Will Sentance: So
we gotta start with a correction.
I typically write for my XHR.
I write XHR.
Actually, the request,
the feature is XMLHTTPRequest, not XHR.
HTTP request.
Hopefully you will have spotted that.
It's XMLHTTPRequest and
I often just conflate
it to XHR to save writing
out the whole thing.
But of course,
that means I wrote XHR here.
It is in fact correctly XMLHTTPRrequest.
If you don't wanna write the whole thing
out, you can just refer to it as XHR.
That's the feature
the browser that we're using.
So
>> Will Sentance: If any of you were
thinking, where is this
mysterious XHR with HTTPRequest.
It's a conflation in my mind of
XMLHTTPRequest, and XHR, okay.